<h1>REASON FOR HOPE</h1>

<p>I was 22 years old when I was forced to leave Yugoslavia due to a federal 
judge who ordered me to leave and never return. The reason for his doing this 
was because I was adamant that communism was an evil system. In 1969, I set out 
for the United States of America and settled in Cleveland, Ohio, where I lived 
for the next 12 years. I spent my free time learning the English language so I 
could work and relate with others and succeed in this new country.</p>

<p>Since 
I believed the world had much to offer, and I wanted to take part in it, I went 
to South Florida known for its beaches, and nightlife. I participated fully, and 
became acquainted with tourists from the four corners of the world. Since 
tourists often returned to vacation in Florida I built many bonds of friendship 
with them. In conversations I learned they, like me, were lonely, carried heavy 
burdens, and wanted to free themselves from them but did not know how. </p>


<p>When I was alone, I realized that inside I was unfulfilled. I used alcohol as 
many people use drugs to fill the empty spaces in their souls. We long for 
contentment, but do not know how to find it. It is as if having a fulfilled, 
happy life eludes us. The majority of those who were my friends and associates 
from the former Yugoslavia and in south Florida drank alcohol, smoked and used 
drugs. We were slaves to all of those things. How could we free ourselves and 
live a fulfilled life? </p>

<p>By the time I was 40 years old, I had grown tired 
of this kind of life. There seemed no chance for things to improve. The thought 
kept entering my mind, "What if God exists—why doesn't He do something with us? 
If God has created us, why are we in this situation? It must be that we have 
become so bad that God has abandoned us, and is not with us anymore. I resolved 
to pray to ask the Lord God to show Himself to me, and to help me understand why 
people found themselves in chaos, confused, with broken families, various 
afflictions, hunger, disease, war, and many other sufferings. l started to pray 
aloud, "Lord, I have heard that Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and that He died 
on the cross. I don't know what happened to Him afterward, but if I can be sure 
You exist, I will believe in You, and I will talk to everyone about you." After 
praying this prayer I didn't notice anything different. Then I thought, who am I 
to ask God to prove Himself to me? But I prayed again, and this time I changed 
my prayer to, "Lord, whatever you propose, I will agree to. I just need to be 
sure You exist, and I will believe in You, and will tell everyone about You." 
</p>

<h2>THE LORD TOOK ME TO HEAVEN</h2>

<p>Following this prayer I felt a touch 
in my chest region, and then I began to move out of my body. I became fearful 
and thought I was dying. Then realizing that I had given myself over to God I 
overcame my fear, and immediately found myself in a lighted tunnel. I was eager 
and joyful as I traveled through the tunnel. I saw everything around me and when 
I looked back I didn't see my body. At the end of the tunnel I saw two rays of 
light so intense I thought they would scorch me. I knew I was sinful, and I 
couldn't escape, and I told myself to let the Lord God do as He wished.</p>


<p>When I passed through the light I felt elated, and the Lord took me to 
Heaven. Knowing that I was being taken to Heaven I was immeasurably happy. I saw 
a circular opening which grew larger the closer I came. Then I saw a winged 
silver angel who came to me and stood by my side. The Angel was huge, and 
although I could not see his face an infinite happiness filled me. There was a 
blissful, radiant light everywhere and no darkness or shadow. This light unlike 
any I had seen which carried me wherever I wished to go. The excitement was 
inexplicable, and I longed to stay there. I said, "Ah, it is beautiful here; 
here is where I am staying. " At that moment God reunited me with my body. I 
started to tell the Lord that I wanted to go back to Heaven where I wished to 
live, not on earth. I used every argument I could think of to try to persuade 
the Lord God to bring me back to Heaven. Then I heard a voice within, You asked 
to know if I exist so that you could believe in me and tell everyone." That was 
when I knew I had an assignment and responsibility to tell others. But I found I 
could not tell anyone. I thought they would say that I had a nice dream, or a 
vision that was not a reality. I started to avoid the tennis courts, beaches, 
and other places where I could have encounters with people I knew. I knew I was 
supposed to speak, but could not bring myself to do it. Six months passed, and 
one day in September 1986 I told the Lord God, "I have decided to read the Holy 
Bible every day and pray and fast and speak to others of You. I won't be 
involved with any deeds and I won't lay a hand on any woman or marry."</p>


<p>Then I started to read the Holy Bible. I couldn't comprehend a lot of it in 
the beginning, but persistently continued to study. While I was reading John 
3:16, 17, 18 it says: For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten 
Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting 
life. For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the 
world through him might be saved. He that believeth on him is not condemned: but 
he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the 
name of the only begotten Son of God."</p>

<p>In Romans 3:23 the Lord God says 
that all have sinned and fallen short—lost God's glory. It applied to me, that I 
am sinful. The only answer was to repent, and ask the Lord for forgiveness. The 
Lord Jesus Christ died on the cross, shed His blood for all the sinners of the 
world—and also for me. He rose again on the third day in glory and an eternal 
body. He was with his disciples for 40 days, (as it says in the Gospel that 
"Only those who believe in Him have real and eternal life with God.") In (Acts 
1:5) , the Lord Jesus Christ tells His followers to stay in Jerusalem, and wait 
for God's promise that you have heard from Me: For John truly baptized with 
water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence. In the 
8th verse it says: But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come 
upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, 
and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth." When He was done 
telling this, as they watched Him, He was taken up and a cloud received Him out 
of their sight. They continued to stare up at the sky and two men in white 
apparel stood before them and said, "Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up 
into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so 
come in like manner as ye have seen him go into."</p>

<p>The disciples left the 
Mount of Olives, and returned to Jerusalem. They went to the upper room where 
they stayed with about 120 people. They resolved to pray together and thank the 
Lord. Among them were Jesus' mother Mary, and His brothers. In Acts 2:1- 4 it 
says "And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one 
accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing 
mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there 
appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. 
And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other 
tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance." This was the Counselor whom Jesus 
had promised to them in John 15:26-27 "But when the Comforter is come, whom I 
will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth 
from the Father, he shall testify of me. And ye also shall bear witness, because 
ye have been with me from the beginning." And in John 16:8-11 it tells us of 
Him. "And when he is come, he will convict the world of sin, and of 
righteousness, and of judgment: Of sin, because they believe not on me; Of 
righteousness, because I go to my Father, and ye see me no more; Of judgment, 
because the prince of this world is judged".</p>

<p>Acts 2:5 clearly states that 
the Jews who were in Jerusalem during the coming of the Holy Spirit were 
bewildered because each heard them speaking in his own language. They argued 
among themselves as they wondered how the unlearned apostles from Galilee could 
speak all of those languages. "And how is it that we hear, each of us in our 
native language?" Parthians, Medes, Elamites, residents of Mesopotamia, Judea, 
Cappadocia, Pontus, Asia, Phyrgia, Pamphylia, Egypt; Libya, Rome, both Jews, and 
proselytes, Cretans, and Arabians heard in their own tongues the mighty works of 
God. They asked themselves what it could mean. Some mocked the apostles and said 
they were drunk (V. 13).</p>

<p>The apostle, Peter, stood up and addressed them 
in Acts 2:14-47 Ye men of Judea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this 
known unto you, and hearken to my words: For these are not drunken, as ye 
suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the day. But this is that which was 
spoken by the prophet Joel; And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith 
God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh: and your sons and your 
daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men 
shall dream dreams: And on my servants and on my handmaidens I will pour out in 
those days of my Spirit; and they shall prophesy: And I will shew wonders in 
heaven above, and signs in the earth beneath; blood, and fire, and vapour of 
smoke: The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before 
that great and notable day of the Lord come: And it shall come to pass, that 
whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved. Ye men of Israel, 
hear these words; Jesus of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles 
and wonders and signs, which God did by him in the midst of you, as ye 
yourselves also know Him, being delivered by the determinate counsel and 
foreknowledge of God, ye have taken, and by wicked hands have crucified and 
slain: Whom God hath raised up, having loosed the pains of death: because it was 
not possible that he should beholden of it for David speaketh concerning him, I 
foresaw the Lord always before my face, for he is on my right hand, that I 
should not be moved. Therefore did my heart rejoice, and my tongue was glad; 
moreover also my flesh shall rest in hope: Because thou wilt not leave my soul 
in hell, neither wilt thou suffer thine Holy One to see corruption. Thou hast 
made known to me the ways of life; thou shalt make me full of joy with thy 
countenance. Men and brethren, let me freely speak unto you of the patriarch 
David, that he is both dead and buried, and his sepulcher is with us unto this 
day. Therefore being a prophet, and knowing that God had sworn with an oath to 
him, that of the fruit of his loins, according to the flesh, he would raise up 
Christ to sit on his throne; He seeing this before spake of the resurrection of 
Christ, that his soul was not left in hell, neither his flesh did see 
corruption. This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses. 
Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the 
Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now see 
and hear. For David is not ascended into the heavens: but he saith himself, The 
LORD said unto my Lord, Sit thou on my right hand, Until I make thy foes thy 
footstool. Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath 
made that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ. Now when 
they heard this, they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to 
the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do? Then Peter said 
unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ 
for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost For 
the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, 
even as many as the Lord our God shall call. And with many other words did he 
testify and exhort, saying, Save yourselves from this untoward generation. Then 
they that gladly received his word were baptized: and the same day there were 
added unto them about three thousand souls. And they continued steadfastly in 
the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers. 
And fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the 
apostles. And all that believed were together, and had all things common; And 
sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had 
need. And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking 
bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of 
heart, Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added 
to the church daily such as should be saved."</p>

<p>The apostle Paul, moved by 
the Holy Spirit wrote in Romans 10:9-17 "That if thou shalt confess with thy 
mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him 
from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto 
righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. For the 
scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. For there is 
no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich 
unto all that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord 
shall be saved. How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? 
and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall 
they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as 
it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of 
peace, and bring glad tidings of good things! But they have not all obeyed the 
gospel. For Isaiah saith, Lord, who hath believed our report'? So then faith 
cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God</p>

<p>John 1:12 But as many 
as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them 
that believe on his name:</p>

<p>A prayer that you can say follows: Lord God, I 
am sinful; I repent of my sins, and ask forgiveness for them. Jesus Christ, I 
recognize that You are God's Son; that You died on the cross for my sins, and 
for all of mankind's, and I believe in my heart that You rose from the dead on 
the third day, and ascended to Heaven on the fortieth day, and are seated on the 
right hand of your Father's throne having all power and authority in the heavens 
and the earth. Please come into my life, and with Your holy blood cleanse me 
from all of my sins, and take all condemnation away from me. Help me believe 
that from the wounds that scarred Your body I can receive healing. Give me the 
gift of the Holy Spirit so that I can have everlasting togetherness with You. 
Thank you, my Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.</p>

<p>If 
you have believed, then you should read your Bible every day, and live as it 
teaches. As you read, you will understand what the Lord God wants you to know 
and to do.</p>

<p>The signs of the times tell us that the Lord Jesus is 
returning soon. We should be ready to believe, to live by the example that the 
Lord Jesus gave to us, and completely fulfill His will. That is written in the 
Gospel of John 14:1-6 "Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, 
believe also in me. In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I 
would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a 
place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself that where I am, 
there ye may be also. And whither I go ye know, and the way ye know. Thomas 
saith unto him, Lord, we know not whither thou goest; and how can we know the 
way? Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh 
unto the Father, but by me."</p>

<p>No one can know the Lord God if he or she 
does not believe in the Lord Jesus Christ. The apostle Paul wrote about how the 
Holy Spirit taught him in I Thessalonians 4:16-18 "For the Lord himself shall 
descend from heaven with a shout with the voice of the archangel, and with the 
trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first Then we which are alive 
and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord 
in the air and so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore comfort one another 
with these words."</p>

<p>The Lord Jesus Christ has promised to descend from 
heaven in glory with the angels and all the holy ones to establish God's kingdom 
on earth, to save all who believe on Him. As for those who do not believe, they 
will be thrown into the Lake of Fire. Revelation 1:7 "Behold, he cometh with 
clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all 
kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.</p>

<p>In the 
same book of Revelation 19:19-21 say "And I saw the beast, and the kings of the 
earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on 
the horse, and against his army. And the beast was taken, and with him the false 
prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had 
received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both 
were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone. And the remnant were 
slain with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out 
of his mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh."</p>

<p>Revelation 
20 tells us that God, with His angel, will capture Satan and bind him in chains 
in the bottomless pit for 1000 years so that he may not deceive the nations 
during that time. At the end of the 1000 years, he will be set free for a little 
while to go out and deceive all the people in the earth, and to gather them 
together for battle. There will be so many that their numbers will be like the 
sand of the sea. They will come to attack Jerusalem, but fire will come down 
from Heaven and destroy them. The devil will be cast into the Lake of Fire where 
the beast and the false prophet were thrown before the Thousand Years, and they 
will be tormented day and night forever.</p>

<p>In chapter 20, verses 11-16 it 
says, "And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face 
the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them. And I 
saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and 
another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out 
of those things which were written in the books, according to their works. And 
the sea gave up the dead which were in it, and death and hell delivered up the 
dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their 
works. And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second 
death. And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the 
lake of fire." Now the Lord Jesus Christ sits on the throne of glory and grace. 
He has all authority and, power in heaven and on earth. The Lord wishes to save 
every person who truly repents and believes in Him. The Lord Jesus Christ 
sacrificed Himself to save every soul who accepts Him. He was nailed to the 
cross, and His precious blood was shed for the forgiveness of sins.</p>

<p>He 
arose from dead on the third day, in His glorified body He ascended up into 
heaven on the fortieth day, and ten days later sent the Holy Spirit. The Holy 
Spirit has been living in believers for almost 2000 years, and helps us to 
become more Christ like. The Holy Spirit teaches every believer that the devil 
has been defeated, and is condemned. Each person needs to know that there is 
little time to be saved - all the signs indicate that the last times are here. 
No one can pay for his or her own sins and save him or herself. We must accept 
God's grace and mercy, and the gift of salvation that Jesus Christ paid for with 
His life on the cross. In the Holy Bible it is written: 2 Corinthians 6:2 For He 
saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I 
succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of 
salvation.</p>

<p>One day in 1986, I was with a Christian family, and while my 
brother in faith was praying for me to the Lord God, with his hand upon my 
shoulder, he suddenly started to speak in a foreign tongue. I thought: "Which 
tongue is he speaking in as his words made no sense to me?" Then he started to 
speak in the English language, repeating the same message; that was when I 
understood him.. The message was for me from the Lord God: "You will go to the 
country you are from, and will talk of me to all people."</p>

<p>How does the 
Lord God talk to someone like this today? Was I to go back to Yugoslavia, 
although the authorities drove me out, and ordered that I should never go back? 
So that I would have faith that this message came from the Lord God I thought, 
"How can I speak about this when I still have not learned the Bible?" I began to 
read the Bible and prayed daily to the Lord thanking and praising Him. I knew I 
had an assignment to proclaim Jesus Christ and His word to all who lived in and 
came as tourists to South Florida. Taking the Bible with me, I went to all the 
same places where I played tennis, volleyball, and taken walks by the ocean. 
Many people who knew me previously were surprised when they saw me with the Holy 
Bible in my hands. I presented the Gospel. Some of them listened with rapture 
and delight, while others were dissatisfied with what they heard. Jewish friends 
said, "We do not wish to hear about Jesus Christ when others are trying to 
enlighten us about Him, but to you we will listen." I spent my time with them, 
and they asked me to pray for them, some gave themselves to the Lord in prayer 
and were very happy.</p>

<h2>BENJAMIN HEALED BY THE GRACE OF GOD IN THE NAME OF 
OUR LORD JESUS CHRIST </h2>

<p>One elder Jew who I knew for many years sat on a 
bench politely greeted me, and asked me to sit and said that he had trouble 
walking and had pain in his left knee. He lived by himself, and had no one to 
help with his needs. Unexpectedly he asked me if I would pray for him, and said 
if he was healed he would believe in Jesus Christ. In the Holy Bible it says in 
John 2O: 28, 29: "Thomas answered him, "‘My Lord and My God!'" Jesus said to 
him, "Have you believed because you have seen me? Blessed are those who have not 
seen and yet believe." </p>

<p>I prayed and asked the Lord God to free him of 
pain, and give him his complete health back. The man upon trying to walk told me 
that he was better, and that his cane was no longer needed. A couple of days 
later I saw him telling a group of people who were seated about him that he is 
healthy and could freely move his leg. After that a lot of people called me and 
asked that I tell them about Jesus Christ. I was thankful to the Lord God for 
all of them, because they had humbled themselves in their hearts to receive and 
understand God's word.</p>

<h2>MAN HEALED BY THE HOLY SPIRIT IN THE NAME OF 
JESUS CHRIST</h2>

<p>Some of my acquaintances were the owners of the Caribbean 
Hotel [with roots from Ukraine] who had come to live in Florida. They were 
believers, who read the Holy Bible, prayed, and thanked the Lord for His love 
for every soul, and asked that He save people and give them eternal life. Every 
soul who is not in unity with the Holy Spirit is in spiritual darkness, because 
it has not humbled itself before Jesus Christ through honest repentance and real 
faith.</p>

<p>I noticed one lady staying in the hotel from Canada who was very 
sad. Someone had asked her what happened. They knew that her husband had been in 
the hospital. She answered that she had been notified that her husband would die 
- that there was no cure for him. The doctors told her he would live for only a 
few more hours. I approached her and offered her Christian literature to read, 
and told her: "Your husband will live." She asked: "Who are you to be telling me 
this?<sup> </sup>I explained that I am Jesus Christ's servant, and whatever I 
ask in prayer, while it is His will, He will do it.<sup>" </sup>She replied that 
she did not believe me. I asked do you wish for your spouse to be alive and 
healthy and suggested that we pray together." I prayed that the Lord Jesus 
Christ would make him healthy, prolong his life, and thanked Him from my heart 
because He would do this. </p>

<p>I continued to proclaim the Lord Jesus Christ. 
Several weeks later I was passing by the same hotel. Someone called me from the 
yard and I turned to see who it was that was calling me. It was the lady whose 
husband had been in the hospital. She called me to come and see her husband. 
When I had approached them, he stood from the chair, and bowed before me at my 
feet. I told him: "Stand quickly, do not do that." He stood and replied: "What 
should I do?" I asked: "When do you return to Canada?" He answered: "On Friday." 
I said: "Then tell your family, friends, acquaintances, neighbors, and those who 
are your enemies, that the Lord Jesus Christ healed you and granted you your 
life. And they should believe with their whole hearts and read the Holy Bible 
daily. They should know and follow God's commandments: "You shall love the Lord 
your God with all your heart and with all your soul, and with all your mind, and 
serve."</p>

<h2>THE LORD JESUS CHRIST HEALED A MAN WHO SUFFERED WITH A HIGH 
FEVER</h2>

<p>On another occasion a lady entered and rushed towards the 
telephone. She couldn't complete her call, and told us her husband had a fever 
and needed urgent help. I told her that her husband would be healthy it she 
would pray with me. She answered me: "Who are you to be telling me this?" I 
answered that I was Jesus Christ's servant and that whatever I asked for in 
prayer, if His will, He will do. Although she did not believe she was desperate 
and agreed to pray with me. . Shortly into the prayer I asked the Lord Jesus 
Christ that according to his mercy and grace would he grant that man his health? 
I told her: "Go visit your husband and return to inform us how he is. She 
returned shortly, and told everyone clearly that her husband was totally healthy 
- that he got up and walked. </p>

<p>When these tourists came the following 
seasons they said that they read the Holy Bible, that they were now believers in 
the Lord. The Lord changes the hearts of those that truly seek Him, and for 
granting the Holy Spirit and making it so that we are all born of Him. There is 
no difference between Jews and the rest of the people. We are all one before 
God. Isaiah prophesized in Is: 53,3 - 7 around 650 years before Jesus Christ's 
birth "He was despised and rejected by men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted 
with grief and as one from whom men hide their faces He was despised, and we 
esteemed Him not. Surely He has borne our grief' and carried our sorrows; yet we 
esteemed Him stricken, smitten by God, and afflicted. But He was wounded for our 
transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities; upon Him was the chastisement 
that made us whole, and with His stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have 
gone astray; we have turned every one to his own way; and the Lord has laid on 
Him the iniquity of us all. He was oppressed, and He was afflicted, yet He 
opened not his mouth; like a lamb that is led to the slaughter, and like a sheep 
that before its shearers is dumb, so He opened not his mouth." In Ist Peter:2,24 
it says: "He Himself bore our sins in His body on the tree, that we might die to 
sin and live to righteousness. By His wounds you have been healed."</p>


<h2>HURRICANES FLOYD AND MICHAEL STOPPED BY THE POWER OF GOD IN THE NAME OF OUR 
LORD JESUS CHRIST</h2>

<p>In October 1987, while I was at my regular evening 
prayer. I clearly heard a message in the spirit. It said I want you to speak 
against Hurricane Floyd. Then I lived in South Florida and was informed that 
hurricanes have high winds, rain, and bring much damage destroying houses, 
trees, and everything that finds itself in their way. I didn't watch TV or read 
the newspaper, and didn't know that this hurricane was coming. The next day I 
went to church and asked the believers what they knew about Hurricane Floyd. 
They explained that it was nearing Jamaica and in three days could be upon 
Florida. They asked why I was interested in the hurricane. I told them that the 
Lord ordered me to speak against Hurricane Floyd but I didn't know how or when. 
The following day there were strong winds accompanied with rain. I concluded the 
hurricane had reached Florida. I turned on the TV to the weather channel. The 
director of the meteorological institute said Hurricane Floyd had reached the 
shores of Florida and that it was too late for the people to go to safety 
shelters. He continued: "It is not clear to me how it arrived so fast. We 
weren't able to track its movement." At that moment, a voice inside me said: 
"Get up quickly, put your hand on the television, and speak against it." I 
hurried, put my hand on the TV, and said: "Hurricane Floyd, I command you in the 
name of the Lord Jesus Christ to be broken into pieces; and not cause damage." I 
turned off the TV and believed that everything would happen as I prayed. I paced 
the room, thanking the Lord God. Half an hour later I turned on the TV. The 
director was talking again and was saying that the hurricane had been broken in 
three pieces; it was no longer a hurricane and would cause no damage. Happily he 
had added: "This has never before happened. I can't understand this at all." 
When I arrived at the regular prayer gathering at church a group of believers 
asked me: ‘Tell us how you prayed." I told them everything exactly how it 
happened. They thanked the Lord Jesus Christ.</p>

<p>One day as I was preaching 
one believer approached me and said: "Do you know that Hurricane Michael is 
coming in the direction of Florida from West Africa, and has great strength?" 
When I got home, I turned on the TV, and saw how Hurricane Michael was headed 
straight for Florida. I placed my hand on the TV and commanded the hurricane in 
the name of the Lord Jesus Christ to change its course, and to head north. Half 
and hour later I turned on the TV again and they were announcing that the 
hurricane had already turned 90 degrees to the north. Glory and thanks to the 
Lord Jesus Christ who blesses us and asks of believers to be obedient and do 
what he commands us! </p>

<p>I continued to study the Holy Bible and spent time 
in prayer. Many times I wondered about Yugoslavia. Was I supposed to tell all 
people about God's message, to make known the Lord Jesus Christ? I continued to 
preach to tourists at the parks, beach, and to all who came and lived in south 
Florida.</p>

<h2>BELIEVERS IN THE LORD JESUS CHRIST ARE GOD'S TEMPLE</h2>

<p>For 
us who have received the Holy Spirit, God reigns within us because we are born 
of God and are His church. Apostle Paul, inspired with the Holy Spirit, says, 
and it is written in the 6th chapter of the First letter of Paul to the 
Corinthians: I9,20: "Do you not know that your body is a temple of the Holy 
Spirit within you, which you have from God? You are not your own; you were 
bought with a price. So glorify God in your body." In John14:13,14, it says: 
‘Whatever you ask in my name I will do it, that the Father may be glorified in 
the Son; if you ask anything in my name, I will do it"</p>

<h2>THE LORD SPOKE IN 
A DREAM</h2>

<p>In the summer of 1990 I decided to return to Yugoslavia. 
Twenty-three years passed since I had lived in my home country. I wondered if I 
would meet my acquaintances and friends from before, and whether or not they had 
forgotten me? Maybe even my family would not recognize me. In my evening prayer 
I asked the Lord what to say and where to start, and asked Him to answer me 
according to His mercy in a dream or vision, and to tell me what to do. While I 
was sleeping I heard a voice say, "You just speak my words, they have to listen 
to me, just speak my words." The following morning I left for Belgrade. On the 
plane, I told the passengers of the message from the Lord. Many listened 
happily. On the way the plane stopped at Zagreb which gave me an opportunity to 
present the gospel to the pilots and stewardesses.</p>

<p>Not long after I 
arrived at Belgrade, I went to the radio station, and talked with the director 
to tell the listeners about the true faith in God. I was a guest on the 
broadcast for one hour, and started to air a show on the radio and television in 
several cities. I also helped in the distribution of the Holy Bible in many 
parts of the former Yugoslavia.</p>

<p>By reading and listening to the Holy 
Bible we receive faith in God because we meet the Lord Jesus Christ. Then we for 
sure know that we must repent of our sins, and must open our hearts to the Lord 
God, as it is written. According to His mercy we become, through faith in the 
Lord Jesus Christ, children of God.</p>

<h2>THE LORD JESUS CHRIST DELIVERED ME 
FROM A GROUP OF MEN WHO WERE ABOUT TO KILL ME</h2>

<p>As I was preaching daily 
on the main street of the capital city of the former Yugoslavia a group of 
people gathered there to hear the Gospel of Jesus Christ. As I stood there with 
my Bible open to read and preach God's Word a group of people proceeded towards 
me. Other men came behind me held me so that I couldn't move. Two other men with 
a long sharpened pole about 3 yards long began to hit me in the stomach. One of 
the assailants walked away saying, "I have nothing to do with killing of this 
man. You have no reason to kill this man." They were not listening to him, but 
came closer with their long pole, I told them, listen to your friend what he is 
telling you. I asked them "why are you rushing to hell? You'll go there if you 
don't repent in the name of Jesus Christ. You want to kill me, but I'm here to 
tell you how God loves you and wants to save you." I felt the arms of the men 
losing their grip on me, and finally I was free to walk away. I proceeded down 
the street just a few blocks, and started preaching again, this was in 1991. 
Soon thereafter I was preaching on the square one block away from the main 
street. . Three young men in their 20's came to me one took the microphone from 
me and struck me on the head. The second man took a stick and broke it over my 
head. The third young man came from behind and punched me in the face. I was 
still able to stand when they left me, and started attacking the people that 
were listening. The group of people divided into two groups and they started 
attacking each other. I stood there praying to the Father to bring peace to 
these people. The next day I returned to preach the Gospel. The people were 
amazed to see me there, and that the Lord had brought me back. The enemies of 
the gospel were out to kill me, and so I prayed that Jesus would protect me. 
</p>

<h2>BY HIS GRACE THE LORD MADE ME WARM</h2>

<p>Later that year the war 
started, and I continued to preach the Gospel in other cities. One day as I was 
talking to my two brothers in Christ, I explained to them how a few banks were 
going into bankruptcy. I heard this from someone, and I knew there was going to 
be a lot of people the next day, early in the morning, waiting in long lines for 
these banks to open. My two brothers agreed to go with me to hand Gospel tracts 
to people and tell them about Jesus Christ. The day was very cold, It was 
January, the temperature with a wind chill was minus twenty-five degrees. I was 
waiting for them to come, but they were late and I was nearly frozen. When my 
brothers did arrive I wanted to question as to why they came late, but I 
couldn't talk. At this moment I thought I can't do anything to help myself. Then 
I started to pray and praise God in my heart; slowly opening my mouth, I lifted 
my hands and praised God the Lord Jesus Christ. Suddenly I spoke clearly and 
felt nice and warm. The temperature felt to me like summertime. Everyone was 
looking at me, and I said "now we can divide two by two and visit different 
groups of people who are in the long lines waiting for the banks to open." It 
was about six o'clock In the morning as we passed out the Gospel tracts. People 
saw that my hands were uncovered with no gloves and were not cold. They would 
look at me while taking the Gospel tract and put it into their pockets. After 
this distribution of the Gospel tracts was done I stood right there in one 
place, where people could hear me the best and I spoke about our Lord and His 
mighty love and grace for everyone to hear. I believe these people were 
wondering how I could be nice and warm while speaking despite such frigid 
weather.</p>

<p>After we had done all this we decided to go to another bank to 
preach and distribute tracts. There people saw me being so nice and warm and my 
hands uncovered. Some said they knew me from preaching the Gospel on the radio, 
and had seen me with my pulpit on the streets when I came to Europe from 
America. Eventually I went home to rest for a little while. I felt so cold In my 
nice warm room. I said "Lord what happened? When I was outside in the cold, You 
kept me warm. Now I'm feeling cold in this place." The Lord said to me, "You 
don't need me now." The Lord knows when to help us and how to help us. He Is 
there to help us in situations, to bring us through and make us to be more than 
conquerors in His Holy Name.</p>

<h2>THE PRESIDENT HEARD THE MESSAGE</h2>

<p>One 
day as I was preaching on the streets of the capital city of Yugoslavia, one man 
from a group of people surrounding the president said to me, "Why don't you tell 
the president about Jesus Christ"? Although there were many body guards as I 
approached the president with my Bible in my hands, I came close to him almost 
face to face. As I looked at him in his eyes, he put his head down and didn't 
say anything. The Lord gave me a message and I told him." You are going to Hell 
if you don't repent and believe in Jesus Christ, if you don't stop bringing 
these people into the war." I continued telling him what the Lord had placed in 
my heart while walking beside him for one hundred yards or longer. </p>


<h2>FEDERAL JUDGE GAVE HIS LIFE TO THE LORD JESUS CHRIST</h2>

<p>In 1967 I was 
not even twenty two years old when a federal judge commanded me to leave the 
country of Yugoslavia. The reason he asked me to leave was that when I spoke 
with him In his office I told him that Communism is the worst system to rule 
Yugoslavia. The reason he did not imprison or kill me was that he was one of my 
professors in college, but he told me that if I came back he would arrest me and 
imprison me for life or would kill me. Twenty five years later after returning 
to Yugoslavia I decided to find him. I went to the court house where his son was 
a judge. I spoke with his son who gave me his telephone number and address. I 
went to his home to see him. He was now eighty two years old. He said to me, 
"Tell me what are you doing?" I said to him "I'm Bajo Jecmenica, and I escaped 
from this country many years ago and now I'm back." He was rather fearful, but I 
said, "Don't fear you've done a very good thing for me." He said, "how come? "I 
told him "I escaped from this country, and I've been living in Florida. I met 
the Lord God, and I have become a believer in God. I came back here as the Lord 
directed me to come to tell you how you can be a believer yourself." "Wow" he 
said, "don't tell me that because you see how many problems we have In this 
country; war is now starting. Why doesn't God help us?" I said, "He doesn't help 
because you don't ask Him. You don't come to Him. You don't have a peace with 
God." I explained to him the message of Salvation and then he opened his heart 
to Jesus and I gave him Gospel tracts, and a Bible. </p>

<h2>MILITARY JUDGE 
SURRENDERED BEFORE THE LORD JESUS CHRIST</h2>

<p>I went to a police station to 
pick up my passport and while I was waiting, I was told to go into another room. 
As I was sitting there four policemen came over, arrested me, put me in their 
car and took me to prison. I asked what was the reason I had been placed in 
prison? When they looked at the paperwork they said there had been a mistake, 
that I should be in the military court. So they called the military police and 
two hours later they came and took me to a military prison. When I was alone in 
this prison cell I prayed asking the Lord to get me out of there. I wanted to go 
back to preaching the Gospel. When I appeared In court they began to question 
me. They had a letter I had written to them many years ago asking them to 
release my parents from prison whom they arrested because I left Yugoslavia, and 
didn't serve in the military. The judge told me he would judge me according to 
the law. I said "Yes I'm expecting you to do so, because there is a judge over 
you." He said, "who's the judge over me?" I said, "the Lord Jesus Christ." He 
started yelling at me to be quiet, but I continued to speak. Finally he stopped 
the court and told me to tell him more about the Lord Jesus Christ." After about 
ten minutes of preaching the message of Salvation he opened his heart to Jesus 
Christ. He was full of joy. Now when the court started again he said to me, I 
will do anything for you, and he set me free. One year later after the war 
started, terrible things happened. The country became divided and many were 
killed. He gladly received me and talked with me. I had a Bible for him, but I 
could not help this country. Praise God! The Lord is touching the hearts of 
people. Tell those in government as well as everyone else about Jesus and His 
love for them. </p>

<h2>REPENT AND BELIEVE IN THE LORD JESUS CHRIST</h2>

<p> As 
I was traveling I came to a hotel in Yugoslavia that received immigrants from 
Bosnia who escaped the war in which they lost everything. I came to one room in 
the hotel where a family of ten members with children lived. I told them they 
need to repent in the name of Jesus Christ. One old man with a very sad voice 
said to me, "Preacher tell me why did this happen to us? We lost everything, and 
now we are here, with no means for life. Why did God let this happen to us?" I 
told him about the Word of God in the book of Deuteronomy l8:10 -12, also in 
Isaiah 47:12,13, Moses wrote that all these people are into the occult, and 
doing evil deeds. The people lost their homes and businesses were burned they 
lost everything. Some people were killed and some escaped. I said "Tell me now 
do you know of any family over where you were in Bosnia that were doing such 
things as being involved with the witchcraft and sorcery." The man replied, "I 
know that there were many households that were doing these things." </p>

<p>So 
this is the message to whoever is listening, if you are doing anything that is 
the devil's activities, witchcraft, sorceries, looking to cards, stars, 
horoscopes, anything -STOP-repent and tell the Lord God In the name of Jesus 
Christ that you are sorry for doing that. Ask the Lord to forgive you, and wash 
you with His Precious Blood and forgive your sins, cleanse you, and redeem you 
and make you to be a child of God. On radio and television there are so many 
witches. They are there to take people deeper and deeper into the hands of the 
devil and lead them away from God. Those possessed of the devil do not even 
think about repenting in the name of Jesus Christ to become believers in the 
</p>

<p>Word of God and be a blessed people. It is very important for everyone 
to stop doing all these devilish activities. The man admitted that God is 
good.</p>

<h2>WOMAN 20 YEARS OLD BORN BLIND RECEIVED SIGHT BY GRACE OF GOD IN 
THE NAME OF OUR LORD AND SAVIOR JESUS CHRIST</h2>

<p>In another room in this 
hotel was another family, there were two daughters, one twenty years old, the 
other was forty years old. As I approached them the younger daughter said to me 
"I'm blind" I said to her, "Do you believe that the Lord Jesus Christ can give 
you sight? "Yes ",she said. Yes I believe." I told her to place her hands on her 
eyes." I placed my hands on her hands and I said, "eyes open now in the name of 
Jesus Christ" I took my hands away and she said ‘ah I see everything.' Everybody 
there in the room was filled with joy.</p>

<h2>THE LORD JESUS CHRIST FREED WOMAN 
FROM SATAN'S POWER, WHOLE FAMILY OPENED THEIR HEARTS TO SAVIOR</h2>

<p>The forty 
year old daughter ,said she was having a terrible headache. I looked at her and 
said, ‘But you are a witch," she said, "yes" I said, "Why do you do that?" She 
said. "well , I started this sometime before.' I said, "What you need to do is 
to repent in the name of Jesus Christ and walk away from the devil. However, but 
first open your heart to Jesus Christ fully and tell the Lord you are sorry for 
serving the devil and you repent." She heard all the message of Salvation as 
well as everyone else in the room, and she repented and confessed that Jesus 
Christ is Lord and Savior. I then commanded the devil in the Name of our Lord 
Jesus to leave her. At that moment she was healed and was filled with joy. The 
whole family wanted to learn more about Jesus Christ so I gave them New 
Testaments and left.</p>

<p>About two weeks later I was walking past the hotel 
and I met the daughter who had been blind. She said , "I'm the woman that you 
prayed for and received my sight." I said, "Thank God. Now you have to tell 
everyone else what the Lord Jesus Christ has done for you." She said, "I am 
completely healed. In a month of time I am going back to Bosnia.' I said, "Now 
everyone there knew you were blind, tell everyone how the Lord Jesus Christ 
healed you and gave you your sight.' Praise God!</p>

<p>On weekends I would take 
a bus and my folding pulpit and megaphone in a large suitcase and go just 
outside of the capital city of Yugoslavia to a swimming area. I would preach 
there, giving out Gospel tracts. Sometimes I would preach for five or six hours 
during which time many people received healing and deliverance through the 
mighty blessings of God.</p>

<p>One day two young ladles were coming and one of 
them said to me, "For three years she had been feeling so depressed she couldn't 
even smile." The woman started reading the posters I had in front of the pulpit. 
There was a message about healing on one and on the other was a message about 
Salvation. She asked "Is this the truth, what I'm reading?" I answered , "yes 
this Is the truth, He can heal you If you believe in Him and repent and have 
faith In Him." She said ," I want to open my heart to Him. "She then prayed the 
prayer for Salvation, and in the Name of Jesus Christ I commanded the evil 
spirits to leave her and at that moment she was set free. She smiled, and was so 
full of joy she was running and jumping and telling the other people there how 
happy she was, how she smiled for the first time In three years. Such joy was 
there.</p>

<p>For eight years I preached the Gospel there, but had to stop just 
before the NATO bombing started. I moved about 500 yards away and preached the 
Gospel there, handing out Gospel tracts and New Testaments. On weekends many 
people received the Gospel message while passing by. Praise God! Praise God.</p>


<h2>I WAS COVERED WITH THE LIGHT</h2>

<p>One time at a local bus station I had 
one Gospel tract I gave it to a lady there. She said to me, "I was listening to 
a man preaching the Gospel in the swimming area." I thought to myself, how come 
she doesn't recognize me, then I asked her, "what did this man look like?" "I 
couldn't tell, he was covered with light above him like the sun." Her bus came 
and she left.</p>

<h2>THE CHIEF OF POLICE RECEIVED THE WORD FROM THE LORD</h2>


<p>At a train station I preached to many passengers. The police took me to the 
local station to have me fill out the forms to identify me to have me arrested. 
As they were standing next to me one of them spoke loudly, "who sent you to this 
country?" I was starting to explain, but the chief policeman said "God sent 
him." They went to another room, and in a few minutes they came back, and 
apologized for arresting me. I gave them Gospel tracts, and Bibles, They advised 
me that when I speak publicly I should Inform the police so they will protect 
me. </p>

<h2>THE POLICE OPENED THEMSELVES TO THE LORD JESUS CHRIST</h2>

<p>One 
day I was preaching in one city near the border of Hungary, and Croatia the 
police took me in their car, they brought me to the station. While they were 
questioning me they decided to become Christians; I gave them six New 
Testaments. Praise the Lord!</p>

<h2>THE LORD SUPPLIED BREAD DAILY FOR ME</h2>


<p>The war was raging and there was not much food. Sometimes there wasn't much 
for days. In some places they had bread in the morning only. One afternoon when 
I was looking to buy bread the people there told me, there is none it is gone as 
of this morning". I asked them to look again, their must be some for me. They 
were astonished when they looked again they found bread they didn't know they 
had. One day I needed two loaves of bread to share with a friend and there were 
two found. God supplies our needs. But my God shall supply all your need 
according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:19.</p>

ALL 
GLADLY RECEIVED THE LORD JESUS CHRIST. DRUNK MAN SOBERED</p>

<p>While my cousin 
and I were driving to my Aunt's home near Bosnia, a man stopped us and asked us 
to take him with us. When we arrived there my Aunt gave this man a bottle of 
whiskey and told him to serve himself as she had poor eyesight. People started 
to come to my Aunt's home after hearing that I had come there to preach the 
Gospel. I preached about three hours then asked if anyone was ready to give his 
heart to Jesus. The man who was drunk said, "I want to give my heart to Jesus." 
So I prayed the prayer of salvation with him and others and I looked at him. He 
was sitting there looking at me. I asked, "what happened to you?" He said 
"electrical power hit me. I'm sober." Everyone opened their hearts to the Lord 
Jesus.</p>

<h2>WOMAN 76 YEARS OLD HEALED BY GRACE OF GOD IN THE NAME OF OUR 
LORD</h2>

<p>While I was there, a woman brought her paralyzed mother who could 
hardly walk, and placed her on a bench near me. So I prayed for her in the name 
of Jesus. The next moment I knew this woman received a healing. I asked her, 
"now can you speak?" She said "yes, I can." She then said the prayer of 
salvation, and opened her heart to Jesus Christ. Everybody rejoiced in the 
Lord.</p>

<h2>THE LORD JESUS GAVE LIFE TO A MAN 62 YEARS OLD WHO WAS DEAD </h2>


<p>I went to see my oldest sister and her husband. When I arrived my sister was 
crying, and when I asked what happened she informed me that her husband had 
died?" She said don't you see my husband?" I said "yes, I see him, he's 
resting." "No" she said, "he's dead." I placed my hand on his forehead and asked 
in prayer for the Lord God to give him back his life. "Give his spirit and soul 
back." Then I said "Lord thank you in the name of Jesus Christ." A few minutes 
later he jumped from the sofa and said, "l can see so good, everything is so 
light to me", and I'm full of power. Then he walked into the room and touching 
his body he said, I'm alive." He said, thank you Lord God." over and over.. He 
then went into the city and told people how he was dead and the Lord God brought 
him back to life. Such great testimonies of our God, and how He's doing such 
mighty miracles.</p>

<h2>BY HIS GRACE THE LORD PROVIDED FOR ALL MY NEEDS</h2>


<p>I returned to Belgrade the same day, and visited one Christian family. I met 
an old preacher and spoke to him about what the Lord has done. He said, "The 
Lord will do mighty miracles here in this country also. I'm thankful to the Lord 
God that he has sent you to this country to proclaim His name and His glory." I 
said, "I have a problem. I have no place to stay. No money." He said, "Don't 
worry about it. I have an apartment for you about one mile away and you can stay 
as long as you want. You don't have to pay anything." This apartment was 
centrally located. The Lord really blessed me, and promised to open doors for me 
on radio and television, and provide all the money. Although Serbian money lost 
its value due to inflation, the Lord really blessed me with all that I needed. I 
started my radio and the television programs. The Lord has done such miracles 
for me in order to buy time and contracts to preach the Gospel in spite of the 
fact that I did not have my own telephone, or automobile.</p>

<p>During this 
time, I had nine radio programs in various cities in Serbia, and they were all 
secular stations. I was approached to be a guest on one major radio station via 
satellite. This was done in the Yugoslavian language.</p>

<h2>OUR LORD JESUS 
CHRIST HEALED NEWS REPORTER'S DAUGHTER</h2>

<p>Prior to the program airing, the 
news reporter told me of his five year old daughter who was very ill and had a 
high temperature. I prayed for her at his request. After reporting the news, he 
called his wife, and she said in amazement that their daughter was completely 
healed and asked what happened. He said, "I know." He hung the phone up and told 
his listeners what had happened in detail. Phone calls from around the countries 
of Germany, Russia, Serbia and Africa just poured in. This went on for 
approximately 3 hours with such excitement about what the Lord, Jesus Christ has 
done. I was invited to come back 5 more times that year to preach. Following 
this segment of T.V. and radio for 9 years, preaching His Word locally, I was 
traveling and preaching in public places and churches in such places as Rumania, 
Germany, and France. </p>

<h2>ATTORNEY SAVED BY POWER OF GOD IN THE NAME OF OUR 
LORD JESUS CHRIST</h2>

<p>After returning from a trip, I was given a message to 
contact a man who was in charge of Religious affairs. He told me of a lady he 
knew who was a very prominent attorney in the Federal Building, who was 
suffering from much grief due to her younger brothers death at age 39. Her 
brother had been a well-known physician. She could not overcome her grief, and 
asked her friend if he knew of anyone who would be able to help her. He told her 
that he knew all the clerics in all religions, but he knew one man who knew the 
Lord and he would be able to help. He called me to come over to the Federal 
Building where I could be with her in his office. I prayed with her, explained 
salvation. She opened her heart to Jesus Christ and professed him as her Lord 
and Savior. That very moment, that burden of grief left her and she was a new 
person in the Lord Jesus. Prior to this meeting, she told me that she tried on 
her own to conquer the grief, by lighting candles early in the morning before 
work in a local traditional church, but to no avail. A few months after this 
meeting, I spoke with the official of Religious affairs, and asked especially 
about the lady attorney. He replied that she was growing in the Lord.</p>


<h2>THE EMPLOYEE OF TV STATION HEALED BY POWER OF GOD IN THE NAME OF OUR 
LORD</h2>

<p>The Lord did a mighty miracle for me while I was in Macedonia. He 
let me appear on a major television station that covered a big part of the 
country. While I was preaching the Gospel, there was an employee who was sick. 
The lady who was leading this program said to me, "why don't you pray for this 
employee? if you believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and are His servant you 
should have the power to pray for him to be healed." I said, "yes, I will. Tell 
him to come." So I prayed over him in the name of Jesus Christ that He would 
heal him and he was healed. He took Gospel tracks that I had. I informed the 
viewers that I will be in the Christian Church in Skopjlje, the capital city. As 
I came to church, preaching the Message, people started coming. The Church was 
packed with people. The Lord, the Holy Spirit was reaching them and healing them 
and delivering them. They were witnessing and they were not even coming near to 
me to lay hands on them. The Holy Spirit was there already knowing their needs 
and God was healing them. Praise God. Praise God. Alleluia!! People came to me 
including babies and small children in the front with various needs. Needs of 
sight, deliverance from witchcraft, etc. and the Lord healed them. I wished I 
had the time to visit with them all at their homes, but time did not allow.</p>


<p>While praying on T.V. for peoples needs, viewers called in telling of 
healings by our Lord Jesus Christ. People who suffered many years. To my 
surprise, some people came to meet me in person at the end of the program for me 
to pray for them.</p>

<h2>THE LORD GAVE ME A SIGN</h2>

<p>While attending a 
conference in Macedonia for preachers and pastors, a pastor from a church in 
Kansas City came to pray over me. He spoke with an anointing so I listened very 
carefully. The message was from the Lord to me. The Lord said, "I have anointed 
you to go to My people, to proclaim My Glory to impart My anointing upon those 
that love Me and are willing to serve Me, but they don't have enough power. I 
will give you a sign." I didn't know exactly what the Lord meant by giving me a 
sign, but the next day I was invited to preach in a local Christian church. </p>


<h2>GIRL 16 YEARS OLD BORN DEAF AND MUTE IN THE NAME OF JESUS HEARS AND 
SPEAKS</h2>

<p>As I finished with the message a woman came to me with her 
daughter. I asked if, "possibly they are willing to give your hearts to Jesus?" 
The mother said, "I don't know, my daughter was born without the ability to talk 
or hear." I said, "Now in the Name of Jesus Christ she will hear and speak." 
After I prayed, she received the healing, and immediately, started repeating 
what her mother said. Such a miracle. This was the sign the Lord showed me that 
He's sending me to bring these two messages to His people.</p>

<p>As I returned 
back to Serbia, I spoke to pastors from different churches and told them the two 
messages that the Lord had spoken to me. Some were unwilling, but others had me 
to come. On the end of a message that I preached, the Lord spoke to me. "Now 
those that I am about to anoint for the ministry will come here before you to 
pray for them." Five believers came to the front saying the same, to pray for 
anointing for their ministry. A young man came and I asked him what he wanted 
prayer for. He said, "I need anointing for the ministry." It's wonderful what 
the Lord is doing. The Lord wants us to know His purpose, to fulfill His plans, 
to know what He says, to hear His voice and to do what he says according to His 
will. Then there will be tremendous blessings. Praise God.</p>

MAN DELIVERED 
FROM SATANISM</p>

<p>I ended my preaching at the auto factory in Kragujevac. I 
arrived in the center of the city, at local bus station. I saw an opportunity to 
preach the Gospel. One man came to me, cursing the name of Jesus, telling me he 
was going to kill me. He came right up me. I asked him to tell me his name. He 
was silent. I looked at him and spoke to Satan. "You know that I have authority 
over you in Jesus' name to bind you and command you to leave." That moment the 
man fell to his knees on the concrete, with his hands held high praising Jesus 
Christ in a loud voice, and everyone around him was saying, "A miracle has 
happened." I was continued praise and thank God for deliverance of this man from 
Satan's power.</p>

ORD JESUS CALMS SOCIAL UNREST IN BELGRADE</p>

<p>On the main 
city of Belgrade; there was unrest. On the streets were military tanks, and 
students who were holding meetings on the street and on the square. Thousands of 
people listening to a leader, who wanted to fight against the present 
government. One evening, the Lord spoke to me. "Why don't you go to the center 
of the city and pray?" The next day around 4 p.m. as I was preaching I saw this 
leader going to the square with people following him. Then the main street was 
empty, and suddenly the Lord spoke to my heart, "kneel and pray." I knelt down 
to pray, but when I stood up I didn't see anyone around. Military tanks returned 
to their station, and people were just scattered around the area.</p>

BELIEVING 
WOUNDED MILITARY SOLDIERS HEALED</p>

<p>One day, I went to Bosnia to preach in 
the war zone city of Pale on a half hour show, and from there I went to the 
military hospital to pray for wounded soldiers. One soldier was not a believer 
and was not willing to have me pray for him. I came back a week later to visit 
with the soldiers. The nurses were smiling and telling me they all left and were 
healed, except the non-believer.</p>

MESSAGE OF SALVATION BROUGHT TO MANY</p>


<p>In June of 1996, there were people with various religious backgrounds who 
never heard of Jesus Christ in the capital of Macadonia. While I was on a TV 
program I informed people to come the next day to the Industrial Hall. People 
came to receive blessings, the blind, mothers with sick children, the deaf, 
people active in witchcraft bound by religious leaders. I preached about 15 
minutes and I said they need to open their hearts to Jesus and repent from the 
evil. They prayed the salvation prayer. I prayed with a person who had a stroke 
and was blind. Everyone was watching out of curiosity. I prayed for the brain, 
laid hands on the eyes and praised the Lord Jesus Christ to give sight. When I 
lifted my hands she said she could see. Complete rejoicing and dancing took 
place after this. I called for the deaf. My hands touched a young boy 14 years 
old, who was deaf from birth and immediately the Lord, Jesus Christ healed him. 
He ran out saying he could hear. I remained there for four hours. The Holy 
Spirit moved mightily through the crowd. The people did not want me to leave. 
but I had a previous commitment on television. Crowds of people were so thick 
that It was difficult to get through the crowds.</p>

MESSAGE FROM THE LORD TO 
TAKE HIS WORD AND MOVE ON</p>

<p>In 1999, NATO was bombing Serbia and 
Montenegro, it lasted for seventy seven days. As a result of the bombing 
buildings were destroyed, people killed and injured. Because of the unrest I 
could not continue to go to public places or certain areas to preach, so I 
decided to move to Montenegro. I started to preach there on radio, public places 
and going to schools. Then after about six months, I went back to Serbia. One 
day, I met a Brother in Christ from New Jersey who was born in Serbia and we 
prayed together. He had a Word from the Lord for me. The message was from the 
Lord for me to leave Yugoslavia and go to other parts of the world to preach the 
Gospel to millions of people and the Lord said also, "I will do mighty miracles 
than I have ever done through you." So, I left Yugoslavia and went to Paris for 
three weeks where I appeared twice on one radio station. I then knew Paris was 
not where I should stay, so I left and went to South Florida in the United 
States. So I'm here to proclaim God's Glory and pass the anointing as the Lord 
spoke to me. His anointing upon those that hove Him, that are willing to serve 
Him but they don't have power. I am just thankful to the Lord for giving me 
these opportunities because He wants to bless His People. Praise the Lord!</p>


<p>Peter says In Acts 4:12 Nor is there salvation in any other, for there is no 
other name under heaven given among men by which we must be saved. When Jesus 
Christ died on the cross to save every person, he shed His precious blood for 
the forgiveness of sins of every one. When the Lord Jesus Christ died on the 
cross we all died with Him in our old sinful nature. We need to humble ourselves 
and repent of our sin (unbelief) asking the Lord Jesus Christ to forgive us ,and 
cleanse us from sin and redeem us from the old life. Now is the time for you to 
receive God's life and be one of His children, and ask for the filling of the 
Holy Spirit. Don't let any one hinder you. Those who have not repented are 
condemning themselves to hell and then the lake of fire. For God so loved the 
world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him 
should not perish, but have everlasting life. For God sent not His Son into the 
world to condemn the world; but that the world through Him might be saved. He 
that believeth on Him Is not condemned: but He that believeth not is condemned 
already, because He hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of 
God. John 3:16,17,18. Only Jesus Christ can give us God's life. He places His 
Spirit in our spirit and then we are born of God. But as many as received Him, 
to them gave He power to become the sons of God, those that believe on His name: 
Which were born, not of blood nor of the will of the flesh the will of man, but 
of God. John 1:12,13.</p>

<p>The Lord Jesus Christ has God's power to save us 
from, sin, hell and the lake of fire. He removes spiritual blindness and gives 
us His sight. And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they 
which see not might seek, and that they which see might be made blind. Some of 
the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said unto him, Are we 
blind also? Jesus said unto them, lf ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but 
now ye say, we see; therefore your sin remaineth. John 9:39,40,and 41. JOHN 
14:6,7 "I am the way, the truth and the life. No one can come to the Father 
except through me." "If you had known me, you would have known My Father also; 
and from now on you know Him and have seen Him."</p>

<p>I prayed for many who 
were sick and the Lord Jesus Christ healed them. I prayed for the blind, the 
deaf, for people who were sick from cancer and other diseases. I prayed for 
marriages, and for couples wishing to have children. The Lord Jesus Christ is 
our Savior, our Doctor, our Redeemer, our Lord. Soon He will descend from heaven 
with a shout with the voice of an archangel, and with the trumpet of God. And 
the dead in Christ will rise first. Then we who are alive and remain shall be 
caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And thus 
we shall always be with the Lord. </p>

<p>We should believe in everything that 
the Lord Jesus tells us, as it is written in the Holy Bible. We need to pray to 
Father God, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and thank Him always.</p>